README.md, before:

# 🐱 CatGPT Meme Generator

Transform your questions into sassy cat wisdom! A collaboration between [Pollinations.AI](https://pollinations.ai) and [Tanika Godbole](https://www.instagram.com/tanikagodbole/), the original creator of the CatGPT comic.

## 🌟 About

CatGPT is an AI-powered meme generator that creates personalized cat comics in response to your questions. Just like the original CatGPT comic, our feline friend responds with lazy, sarcastic wisdom while treating humans as mere servants.

This project emerged from a collaboration with Tanika Godbole, with the idea coming from Dr. Julia Degen. We're using OpenAI's GPT-Image-1 model through Pollinations.AI to democratize access to AI-generated cat wisdom!

### 🎨 Original Inspiration

The CatGPT concept was created by Tanika Godbole. Check out the [first CatGPT comic on Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/p/Cn4OLhPyDLP/)!

<div align="center">
  <img src="images/original-catgpt.png" alt="Original CatGPT Comic" width="400">
</div>

## ✨ Examples

Here are some AI-generated CatGPT memes created with our generator:

<div align="center">
  <table>
    <tr>
      <td align="center">
        <img src="images/example1.png" alt="Weather Forecast CatGPT" width="300"><br>
        <em>"What's the weather today?"</em>
      </td>
      <td align="center">
        <img src="images/example2.png" alt="Debugging CatGPT" width="300"><br>
        <em>"How do I fix this bug?"</em>
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td align="center">
        <img src="images/example3.png" alt="CatGPT Example 3" width="300"><br>
        <em>More feline wisdom</em>
      </td>
      <td align="center">
        <img src="images/example4.png" alt="CatGPT Example 4" width="300"><br>
        <em>Classic cat attitude</em>
      </td>
    </tr>
  </table>
</div>

## 🚀 Features

- **AI-Powered Generation**: Uses OpenAI's GPT-Image-1 model via Pollinations.AI
- **Instant Memes**: Generate custom cat wisdom in seconds
- **Share & Download**: Save your favorite memes or share them with friends
- **No Sign-up Required**: Completely free and open to use
- **Gen-Z Friendly Design**: Modern, vibrant, and fun UI with animated elements
- **Easter Eggs**: Hidden surprises for the curious (try the Konami code! 🎮)

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

- **Frontend**: Pure HTML, CSS, and JavaScript (no frameworks needed!)
- **AI Service**: [Pollinations.AI](https://pollinations.ai) Image API
- **Design**: Psychedelic Gen-Z aesthetic with animated elements

## 💡 The Story

This project started from a LinkedIn post announcing the collaboration between Thomas Haferlach (Pollinations.AI) and Tanika Godbole. The goal is to create a fun, viral meme generator while ensuring fair attribution and revenue sharing with the original creator - something often overlooked in the AI space.

## 🐾 Support

Keep your cats happy with premium pet food from our sponsor [PuraPep](https://www.purapep.de/) - because even sarcastic cats deserve the best! 

## 🎯 How to Use

1. Visit the [CatGPT Meme Generator](https://pollinations.github.io/catgpt/)
2. Type your question in the text box
3. Click "Generate Meme" 
4. Watch as CatGPT responds with feline wisdom!
5. Download or share your creation

## 💻 Local Development

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/pollinations/catgpt.git

# Navigate to the project
cd catgpt

# Open in your browser
open index.html
# or use a local server
python -m http.server 8000
```

## 🤝 Credits & Collaboration

- **Original CatGPT Creator**: [Tanika Godbole](https://www.instagram.com/tanikagodbole/)
- **AI Technology**: [Pollinations.AI](https://pollinations.ai)
- **Idea Credit**: Dr. Julia Degen
- **Sponsor**: [PuraPep](https://www.purapep.de/) - Premium pet food for happy cats 🐾

## 📝 License

This project is a collaboration between Pollinations.AI and Tanika Godbole. The CatGPT character and concept are the intellectual property of Tanika Godbole. AI-generated variations are created with permission and include revenue sharing with the original creator.

## 🌈 Fun Facts

- Try the Konami code on the website for a surprise! (↑↑↓↓←→←→BA)
- Each generated meme has a unique seed for variety
- The cat's responses are intentionally sarcastic - that's the CatGPT way!

---

Made with 💜 by [Pollinations.AI](https://pollinations.ai) in collaboration with [Tanika Godbole](https://www.instagram.com/tanikagodbole/)

Commit message:

📚 Add GitHub Pages deployment instructions and .nojekyll file

README.md, after:

# 🐱 CatGPT Meme Generator

Transform your questions into sassy cat wisdom! A collaboration between [Pollinations.AI](https://pollinations.ai) and [Tanika Godbole](https://www.instagram.com/tanikagodbole/), the original creator of the CatGPT comic.

## 🌟 About

CatGPT is an AI-powered meme generator that creates personalized cat comics in response to your questions. Just like the original CatGPT comic, our feline friend responds with lazy, sarcastic wisdom while treating humans as mere servants.

This project emerged from a collaboration with Tanika Godbole, with the idea coming from Dr. Julia Degen. We're using OpenAI's GPT-Image-1 model through Pollinations.AI to democratize access to AI-generated cat wisdom!

### 🎨 Original Inspiration

The CatGPT concept was created by Tanika Godbole. Check out the [first CatGPT comic on Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/p/Cn4OLhPyDLP/)!

<div align="center">
  <img src="images/original-catgpt.png" alt="Original CatGPT Comic" width="400">
</div>

## ✨ Examples

Here are some AI-generated CatGPT memes created with our generator:

<div align="center">
  <table>
    <tr>
      <td align="center">
        <img src="images/example1.png" alt="Weather Forecast CatGPT" width="300"><br>
        <em>"What's the weather today?"</em>
      </td>
      <td align="center">
        <img src="images/example2.png" alt="Debugging CatGPT" width="300"><br>
        <em>"How do I fix this bug?"</em>
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td align="center">
        <img src="images/example3.png" alt="CatGPT Example 3" width="300"><br>
        <em>More feline wisdom</em>
      </td>
      <td align="center">
        <img src="images/example4.png" alt="CatGPT Example 4" width="300"><br>
        <em>Classic cat attitude</em>
      </td>
    </tr>
  </table>
</div>

## 🚀 Features

- **AI-Powered Generation**: Uses OpenAI's GPT-Image-1 model via Pollinations.AI
- **Instant Memes**: Generate custom cat wisdom in seconds
- **Share & Download**: Save your favorite memes or share them with friends
- **No Sign-up Required**: Completely free and open to use
- **Gen-Z Friendly Design**: Modern, vibrant, and fun UI with animated elements
- **Easter Eggs**: Hidden surprises for the curious (try the Konami code! 🎮)

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

- **Frontend**: Pure HTML, CSS, and JavaScript (no frameworks needed!)
- **AI Service**: [Pollinations.AI](https://pollinations.ai) Image API
- **Design**: Psychedelic Gen-Z aesthetic with animated elements

## 💡 The Story

This project started from a LinkedIn post announcing the collaboration between Thomas Haferlach (Pollinations.AI) and Tanika Godbole. The goal is to create a fun, viral meme generator while ensuring fair attribution and revenue sharing with the original creator - something often overlooked in the AI space.

## 🐾 Support

Keep your cats happy with premium pet food from our sponsor [PuraPep](https://www.purapep.de/) - because even sarcastic cats deserve the best! 

## 🎯 How to Use

1. Visit the [CatGPT Meme Generator](https://pollinations.github.io/catgpt/)
2. Type your question in the text box
3. Click "Generate Meme" 
4. Watch as CatGPT responds with feline wisdom!
5. Download or share your creation

## 💻 Local Development

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/pollinations/catgpt.git

# Navigate to the project
cd catgpt

# Open in your browser
open index.html
# or use a local server
python -m http.server 8000
```

## 🚀 Deployment

### GitHub Pages (Recommended)

1. Go to your forked repository on GitHub
2. Click on **Settings** → **Pages**
3. Under **Source**, select **Deploy from a branch**
4. Choose **main** branch and **/ (root)** folder
5. Click **Save**
6. Your site will be live at `https://[organization].github.io/catgpt/`

The site should be available within a few minutes!

## 🤝 Credits & Collaboration

- **Original CatGPT Creator**: [Tanika Godbole](https://www.instagram.com/tanikagodbole/)
- **AI Technology**: [Pollinations.AI](https://pollinations.ai)
- **Idea Credit**: Dr. Julia Degen
- **Sponsor**: [PuraPep](https://www.purapep.de/) - Premium pet food for happy cats 🐾

## 📝 License

This project is a collaboration between Pollinations.AI and Tanika Godbole. The CatGPT character and concept are the intellectual property of Tanika Godbole. AI-generated variations are created with permission and include revenue sharing with the original creator.

## 🌈 Fun Facts

- Try the Konami code on the website for a surprise! (↑↑↓↓←→←→BA)
- Each generated meme has a unique seed for variety
- The cat's responses are intentionally sarcastic - that's the CatGPT way!

---

Made with 💜 by [Pollinations.AI](https://pollinations.ai) in collaboration with [Tanika Godbole](https://www.instagram.com/tanikagodbole/)
